1. 
Because of the subjective perception of each participant, the self-reported meassure
for task performance can be different from the objevtively messured values.
Hornbaeck suggests a combination of the two to ensure a balanced result.

2.
The advantage of a research hypothesis is that it helps with the desicion what type of data needs
to be collected and which should be ignored. Forthermore it lets you focus on relevant factors
and makes it clear what is to be expected and is essential for drawing reasonable conclusions. 
A hypothesis is also helpful for designing a research question.

The Limitation of research hypothesis is that it can lead to a bias. This can happen when 
the experiment is implemented in a arranged or manipulated way so it gives the desired outcome.


3.
If you conduct an experiment, it is important to find the right group of participants. 
There are cases where it's necesarry to have a broad sample of participants 
of different background, gender, age, knowledge and skills. But in some experiments
it's better to have a specific group of people with explicit characteristics.
If you test a software which is mainly used by people with media informatic and software 
engineering background, it makes sense to conduct the user studies with media informatic
students. Due to the skill and knowledge background of the students, you can implement
more difficult tasks without explaning too much of the basic technics and theory of 
the experiment. An example for that case would be testing an application where 
the user gets help solving errors in an Integrated Development Environment.
Because this software is used mainly by software engineers, it wouldn't make sense,
to include people from other professions. 
A study for which a broader sample of participants would be needed could be for 
example a user study for an application which helps you navigate through the city
and provides tourist informations. Such an application is used by people of all ages,
backgrounds and gender. 


